# clipmon
*Clipboard monitor - automatically pastes clipboard changes.*

Description
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Clipmon monitors the system clipboard and pastes any changes into the current
location in Emacs.

This makes it easier to take notes from a webpage, for example - just copy
the text you want to save. You can still use the Emacs kill-ring with yank
and pull as usual, since clipmon only looks at the system clipboard.

Works best when paired with an autocopy feature or plugin for the browser,
e.g. AutoCopy 2 for Firefox - then you can just select text to copy it to the
clipboard.


Usage
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Make a key-binding like the following to turn clipmon on and off:

    (global-set-key (kbd "<M-f2>") 'clipmon-toggle)

Then turn it on and go to another application, like a browser, and copy some
text to the clipboard - clipmon should detect it after a second or two, and
make a sound. If you switch back to Emacs, it should have pasted the text
into your buffer.


Options
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Once started, clipmon checks the clipboard for changes every
`clipmon-interval` seconds (default 2). If no change is detected after
`clipmon-timeout` minutes (default 5), clipmon will turn itself off
automatically.

The cursor color can be set with `clipmon-cursor-color` - eg "red", or nil
for no change.

A sound can be played on each change, and on starting and stopping clipmon.
The sound can be set with `clipmon-sound` - this can be t for the included
ding.wav file, a path to a sound file (.wav or .au), or nil for no sound.

When selecting text to copy, it's sometimes difficult to avoid grabbing a
leading space - to remove these from the text, set `clipmon-trim-string` to t
(on by default).

To filter the text some more set `clipmon-remove-regexp` - it will remove any
matching text before pasting. By default it is set to remove Wikipedia-style
references, e.g. "[3]".

You can specify strings to add to the start and end of the text, with
`clipmon-prefix` and `clipmon-suffix`. By default the suffix is set to two
newlines, which will leave a blank line in between entries.

For more customization, set `clipmon-transform-function` to a function that
takes the clipboard text and returns a modified version - e.g. to make the
text lowercase before pasting,
   (setq clipmon-transform-function (lambda (s) (downcase s)))

See all options here: (customize-group 'clipmon)


-----
<div style="padding-top:15px;color: #d0d0d0;">
Markdown README file generated by
<a href="https://github.com/mgalgs/make-readme-markdown">make-readme-markdown.el</a>
</div>
